[MINOR][INFRA] Clarify JIRA reuse for follow-up PRs (#57818)
apache/spark: AGENTS.md

PR title format is `[SPARK-xxxx][COMPONENT] Title`. Draft, WIP, MINOR, and TRIVIAL PRs may omit the JIRA ID. The component tag is derived from the JIRA component name: take the last word and uppercase it (e.g. `Project Infra` → `[INFRA]`, `Spark Core` → `[CORE]`, `Structured Streaming` → `[STREAMING]`, `SQL` → `[SQL]`).

> If a PR follows up on one or more earlier PRs, reuse their existing JIRA ticket(s). Do not create a new JIRA ticket for the follow-up PR.

Reviewer: I think there is one exception: if the original PR is already released, then we need a new JIRA as the released version is different

Author: in that case, I think we should not use a [FOLLOWUP] PR, IIRC @dongjoon-hyun

> If a PR follows up on one or more earlier PRs whose changes have not been released, reuse their existing JIRA ticket(s) and add `[FOLLOWUP]` to the PR title. If any earlier change has been released, create a new JIRA ticket and do not use `[FOLLOWUP]`.

Reviewer 2: wondering is it clear enough , without stating whole format [SPARK-XXXX][COMPONENT][FOLLOWUP]  ?

Reviewer 3: Oh, right. What is the definition of `a PR follows up on one or more earlier PRs` here?

Author: Defined in the latest revision: `[FOLLOWUP]` means directly modifying or correcting specific unreleased earlier work, such as post-merge feedback or a regression. Planned parts of the original JIRA scope are continuations.

> Use `[FOLLOWUP]` only for small PRs that directly modify or correct unreleased earlier PRs. For separately planned work, non-trivial changes, or work outside the earlier JIRA's scope, create a separate JIRA ticket for each PR and use the normal title format without `[FOLLOWUP]`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Use `[FOLLOW-UP]` only for small PRs that directly modify or correct unreleased earlier PRs. For separately planned work, non-trivial changes, or work outside the earlier JIRA's scope, create a separate JIRA ticket for each PR and use the normal title format without `[FOLLOW-UP]`.
```

Author: I checked `dev/merge_spark_pr.py`: `[FOLLOW-UP]` is accepted as an alias, but the canonical tag is `[FOLLOWUP]`; the title parser normalizes `[FOLLOW-UP]` to `[FOLLOWUP]`. So I think keeping `[FOLLOWUP]` here matches the merge script behavior.

> Use `[FOLLOWUP]` only when a PR directly modifies or corrects unreleased work from one or more specific earlier PRs, such as addressing post-merge review feedback or fixing a regression introduced by those changes. A separately planned PR that implements another part of a JIRA's original scope is a continuation: reuse the JIRA and use the normal title format without `[FOLLOWUP]`. If the work falls outside the original scope, or if any earlier change has been released, create a new JIRA ticket and do not use `[FOLLOWUP]`. Otherwise, reuse the earlier PRs' JIRA ticket(s) and insert `[FOLLOWUP]` after the component tag, for example `[SPARK-xxxx][COMPONENT][FOLLOWUP] Title`.

Reviewer: hmm, any example pr that reuse the JIRA but no [FOLLOWUP]?

Author: Yes. #56684 and #56686 reuse SPARK-57625 as 1/2 and 2/2; #54978, #54997, and #55002 reuse SPARK-56179 as parts 1–3. None use `[FOLLOWUP]`. These are the planned continuation case I meant, as opposed to a corrective PR caused by a specific merged PR.

Reviewer: Is this really a best practice we want to encourage? IMO we should just create separated JIRA tickets for each of these PRs. cc @dongjoon-hyun @HyukjinKwon

Author: Thanks for the feedback. I updated the guidance so FOLLOWUP is limited to small PRs that directly modify or correct unreleased earlier PRs, and separately planned work, non-trivial changes, or work outside the earlier JIRA scope should create a separate JIRA ticket and use the normal title format without FOLLOWUP. Could you take another look?
